well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so today we're going to talk about
the stakes we're going to talk about the
stakes I think it's important to remind
people of the stakes every once in a
while we get inundated with so much news
and so much stuff to be concerned about
new things every day that we often
forget what we're fighting for we just
remember what we're fighting against and
I think it might be time to remind
people of that so let's take stock what
do we have we've got this person who has
a history of minimizing civil rights a
history of doing nothing to address
income inequality a history of advancing
the surveillance state in the police
state a history of scapegoating
minorities that New York billionaires
problem now the question is do you know
who I'm talking about or is it a little
confusing is it modeled am I talking
about Trump or am I talking about
Bloomberg and the fact that based on
that description
you can't tell that's an issue because
we've become so concerned with Trump out
with that that short term goal we've
personified what we're fighting against
and that's a danger because then it
becomes real easy to end up supporting
the exact same thing we have to remember
things in the affirmative what we're
fighting for now the question is what do
we do what do we do from here there are
some people who say we have to start
opposing Bloomberg and get him out of
the primaries right now it's imperative
and I understand that logic I'm gonna
present an alternate strategy let's say
you're in the military and you are on an
advanced modern battlefield you have
multiple opposition groups multiple
groups you are pitted against you walk
over a ridge and use the opposition
group a over here with ten people
an opposition group be over here with
five people and they are going at it
what do you do did you try to engage
them all or do you wait yeah they're all
your opposition but right now they're
finding each other one of two things
will happen either but larger force will
take out the smaller force or the
smaller force will pull off a miracle
victory either way at the end of it
doesn't matter who wins they'll be
weakened and be easier to go after I
would suggest that we all sit back and
enjoy sunday sunday sunday the Battle of
the billionaire's and then if trump
doesn't do it
Bloomberg gets taken out in the
primaries the concern with that is that
Bloomberg wins and it's possible it's
possible you know in a recent video when
I was talking about the campaign promise
that matters I said a thinking man and
there were a couple people talk like you
always use gender-neutral terms I can't
believe you did that women can be
dictators too and that's true they can't
but I wasn't speaking in general terms I
had somebody specific in mind
Bloomberg is that thinking man he's
smarter he is smarter he knows not to
say the quiet part out loud he's a
little more polished in a lot of ways
that makes him more dangerous but here's
the question and the important one
really if Bloomberg can win the
Democratic nomination with that history
what does that say
it says it's already lost it says it
doesn't matter because it's inevitable
we will be headed to fascism or at the
very least to formalized corporate
oligarchy rather than the ad hoc one we
have today if Bloomberg can win the
Democratic Party's nomination
there is no opposition party because the
voters can't see through the propaganda
they can't focus on principle rather
than personality this is the danger of
vote blue no matter who if people
believe that all it takes is for a bad
actor to get somebody in the party to
get them the nomination so the important
thing to me it would be to remember that
but long term strategy I would suggest
we allow Bloomberg to pursue his old man
hobby of running for president and to
spend millions dragging Trump and
weakening the larger opposition force
and then deal with Bloomberg in the
primaries we have to remember what we're
fighting for we have to think of things
in the affirmative if we personify the
evil that exists in one person we become
very easy to manipulate principled /
personality anyway it's just a fall I'll
have a good day